The Joe Rogan experience. The military.
Um, if you really did become president, when, excuse me,
when you do become president,
you're going to have to deal with hostile governments.
You're going to have to deal with hostile militaries and, uh,
dictators, you know, people in, uh,
in other country that and other countries that don't have a value of human life
and throughout history,
we've had immense problems because of that, because of military conflicts,
how do you think you will approach that
mean you will be the commander in chief of the greatest army in the world has
ever known if you're in that position and we have to deal with some sort of, uh,
uh, military action with China. What if China takes over Taiwan?
What if they invade Taiwan?
What if something happens with Syria? What if something happens with Iran?
What if something happens with Russia and you have to make decisions
about military action? Have you thought about this?
Yes, I would.
I have to say again, like COVID,
I'm a civilian and people can have all their perspectives that they can have of
what they would do in that situation.
But I would have the greatest professionals on the planet,
the most skill people that have all the experience that would
present the information and I would make the most sound rational
decisions. And I would
follow God's will in my approach,
two, to dealing with these other countries,
to dealing with these other leaders. There's, there's something about, you know,
our president's personality and the,
the leader of North Korea is personality where there's,
there's a level of common respect and,
and that's the reason why they were able to talk. And we, we,
the fear had been taken off of us,
like people who are, uh,
God-fearing self-made, uh,
servants of their people,
these, these other, you know, scary, uh, dictators,
they feel like they're that for their country. And if they see
a president that they know is just taking a check or a part of a bigger
conglomerate, nah, I don't want it. Like I said,
I don't want to denounce any of the, uh, uh, candidates
then it's,
it's very, it's very transactional. It's um,
and
as I said, a prayer in this situation, this isn't.
You said a prayer because of what, what, what,
what motivated you to say a prayer right there?
The seriousness, the significance of it, the subject. Yeah.
Absolutely. We can't, we can't jump from jokes about this to, you know,
joking about people's lives, right? We have to completely
be still in this moment,
allow God to guide our steps and ask the right questions
with the highest ranking officials possible.
This isn't something that you just wing,
but that you just come in and say, I did a bit bit of research.
I got this like political answer is going to get a rise out of people like this
is, this is people's lives. This is, you know,
this is a whole different, you know,
setting or mood than what this whole, uh, interview has,
has been about. This is, you know,
people are suffering and throughout all sides
and,
and in Israel and in Nigeria and Haiti where we're
suffering the police force in, in, in, in Chicago and that the people,
the people have been harmed by police and the police were like,
this all is going to take serious time.
Like time is love. It's going to take that love. And that time and
moments of listening, moments of understanding moments,
like when my wife goes and visits people in prison and she hears their
stories, she says, I understand,
I understand why you're into,
in why you're in that situation.
I would have did the same thing in this situation and for us to go to foreign
countries and really understand why that they're,
you know,
that they're in these situations or why the killing has gone for
so long or why the hate has gone so long. The why the pain just keeps on,
you know, compounding and compacting. Um,
there's an empathy that I just have as an artist that it doesn't
become a two plus two equals four situation.
My dad was actually a, uh,
a psychology major and a, uh, Christian, uh, therapist.
And this therapy, we talk about therapy period.
It's like,
we need healing internationally, not just selfishly for America.
America's number one, internationally. We need healing.
And
I would lead. I would,
I would lead with, with love
dignity, the responsibility to our country,
the coverage of our families, of our soldiers,
and in full service to God and to the American people. Uh,
it's the,
there's a mode that I would be in, in that position.
Like when I was a producer and I was at really young man,
I was running around hopping on trains or,
you know, hopping turnstiles and stuff, and like stealing from cars. And I mean,
that's the only cars, but still in clothes from stores. And, um,
then I was selling music and,
uh, you know, going and buying leather jackets and stuff, then, you know,
dating a whole bunch of girls going on tour.
And then I had a family and I had to
adjust a lot of my mentality and behavior to grow
and be the man that I needed to be.
Then God called me and I gave my life to Christ
and God is helping him to be the Christian that I need to be.
And when it's in God's will that I become the leader.
I will become the leader that I need to be. So right now, as I said,
I'm a civilian, but my heart, my mind,
and my spirit is in a place where I feel,
I know that I'm being, I'm being called to captain this ship,
like when Roosevelt went in, America was in shambles.
When I, when I say those things about those numbers, when I went to Adidas,
when I went to gap, like,
I'm the person that you actually call when things are
not going so well. You know, they had that, the mob movies, the guy that goes,
cleans up everything and puts everything. I'm like the forensic,
where in the same way, how you saw my mind touch on 10 things at a time.
And then I had to say 10 sentences at a time.
If I could say I'm and maybe narrow them down to seven,
that's the way my mind takes, you know, information in and then synthesize it.
And it comes out as a song where it comes out as a product using that mentality
as a leader, fearless God-fearing,
we will heal. We will show the world what America
should be, the dream, all this.
All the things that you've said in the most non-politician way I've ever heard
anybody describe these things. I know you really mean these things. This is,
this is resonating with me,
that you're being a hundred percent honest and natural. And that's,
that's what we're missing.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.